reword whatsnew for timeout based configcheck (#193)
kube-logging/kube-logging.github.io: content/docs/whats-new/_index.md

### Timeout-based configuration checks

> Timeout based configuration checks are different from the normal method in that it starts a fluentd or syslog-ng instance
> without the dry-run or syntax-check flags, so that output plugins or destination drivers will actually try to establish
> connections and will fail if there are any issues with the credentials for example.
> 
> Add the following to you `Logging` resource spec:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timeout-based configuration checks are different from the normal method: they start a Fluentd or syslog-ng instance
without the dry-run or syntax-check flags, so output plugins or destination drivers actually try to establish
connections and will fail if there are any issues , for example, with the credentials.

Add the following to you `Logging` resource spec:
```
